“A patriotic one?”

The girl flushed.

“I guess you’ve no right to ask such a thing! Of course I am!”

“Don’t be offended. You wouldn’t be if you knew how much there was at
stake. But I’ve got to trust some one--and it must be a woman.”

“Why?”

“Because of ‘women and children first.’” He looked round and lowered his
voice. “I’m carrying papers--vitally important papers. They may make all
the difference to the Allies in the war. You understand? These papers
have _got_ to be saved! They’ve more chance with you than with me. Will
you take them?”

The girl held out her hand.

“Wait--I must warn you. There may be a risk--if I’ve been followed. I
don’t think I have, but one never knows. If so, there will be danger.
Have you the nerve to go through with it?”

The girl smiled.

“I’ll go through with it all right. And I’m real proud to be chosen!
What am I to do with them afterwards?”

“Watch the newspapers! I’ll advertise in the personal column of the
_Times_, beginning ‘Shipmate.’ At the end of three days if there’s
nothing--well, you’ll know I’m down and out. Then take the packet to
the American Embassy, and deliver it into the Ambassador’s own hands. Is
that clear?”

“Quite clear.”

“Then be ready--I’m going to say good-bye.” He took her hand in his.
“Good-bye. Good luck to you,” he said in a louder tone.

Her hand closed on the oilskin packet that had lain in his palm.

The _Lusitania_ settled with a more decided list to starboard. In answer
to a quick command, the girl went forward to take her place in the boat.



CHAPTER I. THE YOUNG ADVENTURERS, LTD.

“TOMMY, old thing!”

“Tuppence, old bean!”

The two young people greeted each other affectionately, and momentarily
blocked the Dover Street Tube exit in doing so. The adjective “old”
 was misleading. Their united ages would certainly not have totalled
forty-five.

“Not seen you for simply centuries,” continued the young man. “Where are
you off to? Come and chew a bun with me. We’re getting a bit unpopular
here--blocking the gangway as it were. Let’s get out of it.”

The girl assenting, they started walking down Dover Street towards
Piccadilly.

“Now then,” said Tommy, “where shall we go?”

The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute
ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some
mysterious reason as “Tuppence.” She pounced at once.

“Tommy, you’re stony!”
